[DOC-1101] Update PITR and xCluster upgrade guidance (#29595)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/upgrade-software-install.md

1. Click **Proceed to finalize the upgrade** to confirm.

## Upgrades with xCluster and xCluster DR

During the upgrade process, xCluster Disaster Recovery continues to function, with the following caveats:

- Failover is not available while the DR replica is being upgraded.
- Switchover is only available after the upgrade is finalized on both the DR standby and the DR primary. This is due to the requirement that a DR target must always be the same or newer than the DR primary.

Use the following guidance when upgrading universes in [xCluster replication](../xcluster-replication/) or with [xCluster Disaster Recovery](../../back-up-restore-universes/disaster-recovery/) (DR).

### Upgrade xCluster DR and unidirectional xCluster

It is recommended to upgrade the target (DR replica) before the source (DR primary). After the target universe is upgraded and finalized, you can proceed to upgrade the source universe.

> In v2025.1.2.0 or later, Yugabyte Anywhere automatically disables Point-in-Time Recovery (PITR) schedules associated with transactional xCluster at the start of an upgrade. This lasts until the upgrade is either successfully finalized or rolled back. Replication continues to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {{<release "2025.1.2.0">}} or later, YugabyteDB Anywhere automatically disables Point-in-Time Recovery (PITR) schedules associated with transactional xCluster at the start of an upgrade. This lasts until the upgrade is either successfully finalized or rolled back. Replication continues to work.
```
